8/2/2023-------------------------------The Indomitables | 31
Arya alias Bhashyam
The Youth who hoisted the national flag at Chennai fort in 1932
On January 25th, 1932 in the streets of Triplicane Arya Bhashyam enquired in each and every textile shop, "Do you have stock of Indian national flag?".
Many of them said, 'No'. Some of them secretly showed him a small sized national flag. But that was not what Arya Bhashyam wanted. He needed a huge flag.
He designed a national flag all by himself. Arya Bhashyam purchased a four yards dhoti and dipped it in water soaked with colours of saffron, blue and green. 
In the middle of the flag he drew a spinning wheel and wrote, "From today India will breathe the air of freedom". After the flag got dried he folded and wrapped it around his waist.
He bought a ticket and entered Elphinstone theatre in Mount road, Madras. After the film ended when the audience came out Arya Bhashyam moved along with them. 
The police patrol at Fort Saint George also dispersed. None noticed him as he was in Khaki uniform.
He walked towards the 200 feet high flagpole near the fort. He climbed up to 140 feet easily as it was accessible by foot. 
The rest 60 feet was nothing but an iron pipe. Slowly and steadily and step by step Arya Bhashyam reached the top. He removed the flag around his waist and hoisted it on the flagpole.
The next morning there was a commotion among the officers of Fort Saint George. All the dignitaries assembled near the fort flagpole.
As if nothing had happened, Arya alias Bhashyam was walking in Thambu chetty street near Madras high court.
Jawaharlal Nehru wanted the country to celebrate republic day on January 26th in 1932. To implement Nehru's vision, Arya Bhashyam hoisted the national flag. At that time he was 25 years old.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
8/3/2023--------------------------------------------Maveeran Madasamy

He was involved in collector Ashe’s
murder case

In the Ashe Durai murder case, Maveeran Madasamy was one
of the accused. He composed and sang songs to inspire people
to seek freedom. The worker at Coral Mills in Thoothukudi toiled
day and night for meagre wages and increased the income of the
management.

Madasamy raised slogans condemning the British for not
adequately compensating the workers. During the protest he
provided food and motivated the starving workers. Ashe who had
been promoted as Collector of Tirunelveli district, was active in
suppressing those with Swadeshi views.

He ordered that no one should hold processions or stage
sermons for the freedom struggle. And in public meetings, he
collected information with the secret police to find out exactly who
was speaking against the British. The speeches and movements of
some were observed in their homes by the secret police, whom he
considered as home-grown terrorists.

An uncertainty gripped among the patriots. As per collector Ashe’s
directive four civilians died on the spot in police firing. Shocked to
see that, Madasamy went to Sengottai and met Vanchinathan there.
They roped in youngsters from Sengottai, Tirunelveli and surrounding
areas and formed an organization called “Bharatmata Association”.

They took a vow before the Lord that, “I pledge to Parashakti and
Bharata Mata to eradicate the British who enslave and rule our holy
Bharath”.

At Maniyachi railway station, Collector Ash was shot dead by
Vanchinathan himsetf. Madasamy was actively sought by the police
for his alleged involvement in the conspiracy. He disappeared
undetected by anyone, till his last days the police were never able
to find him.------------------------------------------------------
8/4/2023--------------------------------------------------The freedom fighter who coined,
“Jai Hind’

Born on September 15, 1891 in Thiruvananthapuram
to Chinnaswamy Pillai and Nagammal. In September 1914,
Chenbagaraman Pillai founded the ‘Intemational Pro-india
Committee’ in Zurich and was the chairman of the committee.
During the same time, he saw the urge of the Indian revolutionaries
abroad to achieve freedom.

Chenbagaraman Pillai was one of the freedom fighters who
wished to join hands with the common enemy to drive away the
British from his homeland and organise an armed attack from
outside. He influenced the Germans to such an extent that they were
forced to trust him.

Chenbagaraman was instrumental in directing the German ship,
‘Emden’ which attacked the British ships at Madras on the night
of 22nd September, 1914. Many places were damaged including
an oil depot. This incident shook the Britishers and announced a
reward of one lakh pounds to anyone who successfully captured
Chenbagaraman and handed him to them.

Itwas Chenbagaraman who gave India and Indians living in India
and abroad fighting for the country’s independence the slogan, “Jai
Hind".

Chenbagaraman met Lakshmi Bai a native of Manipur in Berlin
and got married in 1931. When Adolf Hitler started assuming that
Indians were incapable of ruling themselves, Chenbagaraman stood
against Hitler, and forced him to give a written apology. As a result,
he became a victim to the Nazis who killed him by food poisoning on
May 26th, 1934, at the age of 42.------------------------------------------------------------------------
8/7/2023----------
Thillaiyadi Valliammai------------------------------------------------

The girl who inspired
Mahatma Gandhi

Valliammai was born to Munusamy Mudaliar and Mangalathammal of

Thillaiyadi village in Mayiladuthurai district. She was well versed in music,
Tamil literature and English.

The family migrated to South Africa in search of work and sold fruits and
vegetables for their livelihood. After that Valliammai had never been to India.
She grew up in an environment that was hostile to the Indians there.

On March 14, 1913, the Supreme Court in South Africa ruled that
only Christian marriages are valid, and that marriages performed in other
traditional ways would be held null and void which disproportionately affected
the Indian community in South Africa. It was at this juncture, Valliammai got
initiated into political struggle by Gandhi. She marched with her mother from
Transval to Natal to protest against these unjust laws.

Thillaiyadi Valliammai worked with Gandhi in her early years and
developed non-violent methods to fight against the colonial powers in South
Africa. When the South African government imposed a three-and half pounds
tax on workers, Valliamrmai and her mother protested. Her father could not
participate as he was recovering after an operation.

On October 29, 1913, she marched ahead and campaigned for the
laborers at different places. Valliammai was arrested and sentenced to
prison. She fell sick and her physical condition was greatly affected yet she
remained unperturbed and persisted in her principles.

The police mocked her and asked, “India doesn't even have a flag. What
are you really fighting for?". She ripped off the border of her saffron green
white sari and replied, “If having a flag is what would give form to India, then
here itis, MY FLAG, MY MOTHERLAND".

On 22 February 1914 at the age of Sixteen she died. At that time, Gandhiji
said that it was because of martyrs like Valliammai that had increased his
resolve in fighting for Indian independence.

In 1971, the Government of India built a memorial to Thillaiyadi
Valliammai at Thillaiyadi in Nagapattinam. On 31 December 2008, the
Central Government honoured her by issuinga postage stamp n her memory.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
8/8/2023-----------
T.V. Kalyanasundaram

Kindled the desire of freedom through
spiritualism to the people of Tamilnadu

Thiruvarur Virudhachala Kalyanasundaram was born on the August 26,
1883 as son of Virudhachala Mudhaliyar and Chinnamma in a town called
Thullam in Chengalpattu district. He is better known by his Tamil intials,
ThiruViKa. His father was well versed in literature and music. nitially
Thiru ViKa got trained and educated by his father.

Later he came to Chennai and joined primary school in Royapettah.
He excelled in studies and In 1906 joined an English firm called Spencer
Industries as an accountant. In 1909, joined the Wesley School at Thousand
Lights (A place near Royapettah in Chennai) as a teacherand worked there for
sixyears. During that period Thiru.Vi.Ka got married to Kamalambigai

In the year 1918 he became a strong campaigner for workers rights.
He started the first Workers ‘Welfare Association in South India. He worked
as an edtor in the magazine’ Desha Bhaktan' and In 1920, started his own
Tamil weekly called ‘Navashakti' and published a series of articles to create:
‘awareness for the courtry’s liberation.

Thiru Vi.Ka. authored many books on Ramalinga Adigalar, an influential
saivite philosopher-saint. He published more than 50 books like Manitha
Vazhkkaiyum Gandhiadigalum (Human lfe and Gandhi) and Penrin Perumai
(‘Women's pride’).

He became active in the trade union movement and organized the first
trade unions in south India. He was an excellent speaker on poltics and
society.

In his writings, Thiru.Vi.Ka. developed an unique prose style which was
relatively new then, and the style he created was extremely influential and
set a precedent fo the future scholars. His interpretations on Tirukkural and
Periya Purana are stil regarded as a milestone in Tamil literature.

Though ThiruViKa. was involved in religion and writing he continued to
remain active in politics and the independence struggle. He was considered
as one of the pillars of Tamilnadu Congress and served as the state presidert:
of the Congress party. During his tenure he toured all over the country to
kindle the desire for independence.

Thiru.Vi Ka. was involved in the freedom struggle until the country became
independent. He joined the Lord on September 17, 1953 at the age of 71.----------------------------------------------------
-----------8/9/2023---------------------------He composed patriotic songs and
inculcated the spirit of independence

He was bom on October 19, 1888. During the time when the
freedom movement was intense in Tamilnadu he tried to meet
Aurobindo and Bharathiyar. However he met V.0. Chidambaram Pillai
and V.VS. lyer and was inspired. Ramalingam Pillai organized several
meetings against the British in the Namakkal district where he lived.
In 1914, he addressed a meeting held at Trichy. He composed the
song ‘Aadu Ratte Chuzanradum Rate’ (Let the spinning wheel rotate
and swirl) to be sung inthe play. This song stirred the people towards
independence across India.

Among those who were inspired by his speech were Akilan and
Kalki which is worth mentioning. During the Saft Satyagraha in
1930, Ramalingam composed the song Kathi indri, ratham indri,
yuddham ondru Varuguthu’ (No swords, no blood but a war is
approaching) which inspired the freedom fighters and gave them a
lot of enthusiasm.

In 1932 he participated in the civil disobedience movement and
went to jail. He composed songs based on the principles of Gandhiji
such as prohibition of alcohol, abolition of untouchability and Kadhar
movement.

Ramalingam composed many poems on industrial development
and the Swadeshi movement. He has written more than 50 books.
Due to his efforts, Gandhiji came to Karur and addressed the
people. His novel ‘Malaikallan’ was made into a movie in several
languages and was a blockbuster. Ramalingam was a multi faceted
personality. Besides composing songs he was proficient in painting,
writing, oratory, politics, music and translation.

A government building at Fort Saint George in Chennai is named
“Namakkal Kavignar Maaligai® in Chennai. In 1971, he received the
‘Padma Bhushan’ award from the central government. He joined
Lordship on 24th August 1972.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------8/10/2023---------------------------------------------
Periyasamy Thooran
One of the chief architects of the
modern Tamil Intellectuals Movement

Periyasamy was born to Palanivelappa Goundar and Paavathaal
on 26th December 1908 in Modakurichi, Erode district. He was
greatly influenced by Subramania Bharathi. He declined to appear
for the undergraduate exam, in protest of the execution of Bhagat
Singh who was considered as the prince among patriots.

He began writing short stories and poems, using his lifelong
pseudonym, ‘Thooran”. Author of over 600 hymns on national,
spiritual and moral issues. He was the chiefeditor from 194810 1978
of the Tamil Encyclopedia of Children’s Art which ran to ten volumes.
The credit for bringing out the first ever Children’s encyclopedia goes
to him.

Periyasamy Thooran was a recipient of numerous awards such
as-. Padma Bhushan - awarded by the President of India in 1968,
Music Scholar award by Tamil Sangam in 1972. Kalaimamani award
given by the Tamilnadu Drama Society in 1970 and M. Annamalai
Chettiar award in 1978.

He unearthed and compiled the essays, poems and short
stories of Subramania Bharathi and published a book of 700
pages. To complete this work, he carefully researched the
editions of ‘Swadesha Mithran’ published from 1904 to 1920 and
chronologically documented all the works of Bharathi that appeared
in them with dates. Periyasamy Thooran was awarded a gold medal
for this monumental work.

Later, he republished them chronologically in a book titled
‘Bharathi Tamil’. Thus Periyasamy Thooran was instrumental in
rediscovering the genius of Bharathi. Had he not tried, one third of
Bharathi's works would have been completely destroyed.


